[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is my review of the iPhone
6s and 6s plus so every other year Apple
brings out their S line and it's
normally like a couple upgrades from the
previous generation with a lot of hype
so this year I was expecting that i
pre-ordered it I thought I'd just be
getting a couple upgrades that were
overhyped
but I was a little surprised here's my
review select last year's iPhones the
boxes are embossed but now they have
different colored lids so you can ID the
color of the phone when you open up the
box nothing's really changed I mean it's
got the same charger same cable same
earbuds same SIM tool same stickers the
measurements of the phones have changed
a bit they're a little bit thicker and
heavier and you might think that these
changes wouldn't be noticeable but if
you've used the iPhone 6 or 6 plus
extensively you'll notice a difference
it's more noticeable on the 6 plus but
both of them just feel beefier than they
used to now they're still extremely
slippery so you want to get a case or at
least a skin for the phone and if you're
wandering a properly cut iPhone 6 skin
will not fit on the iPhone 6s okay no
for real I actually tried and you can
see that it's short by a few millimeters
just get a proper fitting one D brand
does some really good ones so this year
they're made out of a 7000 series
aluminium alloy it might look the same
but it's a significantly stronger
material it's more expensive it's harder
to machine and it's more expensive to
machine but after what Lou did to the
iPhone 6 it's probably worth it there's
a new color this year that they call
rose gold now rose gold is difficult to
capture on film because it's a subtle
color to begin with and then everyone's
screen is a little bit different so
they're all going to reproduce this
color differently but this ring here is
rose gold and it makes the iPhone 6s
look really pink in comparison if it's
lit with more yellow lighting like
incandescent bulbs or like in the
evening sunset it does look rose gold
but yeah I think most people are going
to think it looks more pink the speaker
down here is the same from last year it
tends to fire away from you when you're
watching stuff but sound quality has
always been pretty good and it gets
reasonably loud and
everything around the phone is the same
so down here we also have the headphone
jack two mics lightning connector and on
the right side we have the SIM tray and
the power button there's nothing up top
and then lastly on the Left we have
notification switch and volume controls
it's the same screen as last year so I'm
not going to go into much detail it's a
very good screen but it's starting to
show its age a lot of people think that
iPhone screens are like the best in the
business Samsung phones just have way
higher resolution and they're still
brighter they have higher contrast ratio
better color accuracy better viewing
angles and they're even more like power
efficient now that's not to say that the
iPhone doesn't have a really good screen
it does but it's not the best screen if
you need to have the best screen out
there you got to look at OLED tech on
Android phones or a quantum dot IPS like
the LG g4 so for the past couple years a
lot of Android phones have been able to
record some really crispy 4k footage and
even though the iPhone 6 had great
images it sucks that you couldn't record
in 4k but they finally bumped up the
camera to a 12 megapixel photos in
bright light are really good photos in
dim light are really good for a
smartphone but the photos on the iPhone
6 and 6-plus were already really good
they're just higher res now so for
regular use you're not going to be
noticing much of a difference in image
quality unless you're doing a lot of
zooming and cropping between the iPhone
6s and cameras on Android devices like
the g4 the s6 and the note 5 it's really
hard to call a winner like they're all
really really good I've noticed that for
macro photos the iPhone 6s doesn't focus
as quickly or sometimes properly but I
do feel that the color especially in
videos are more true to life on the
iPhones I do want to compare the cameras
between the top-tier flagship phones so
I'll probably do a camera test in the
future in the meantime if you're
interested in buying the iPhone 6s or 6
plus you will really really like the
camera it's
excellent one thing to keep in mind
though 4k videos eat up space really
quick you use up over a gig of storage
in a three minute video so if you like
taking high-res videos I'd stay away
from the 16 gig model live photos are
pretty cool you can turn it off if you
want but it's fun if you take a lot of
pictures of people sometimes it's cool
to capture the full moment instead of
just a still picture it eats up a little
space like maybe 60 70 % more for the
movie clip the clips aren't particularly
high quality and the frame rates are
pretty choppy but it's fun in the right
situation the front-facing camera has
been bumped up to five megapixel it's
quite a bit better than last year's so
this was taken in a very dark closet
like almost pitch-black but it has a new
feature that I can crank up the screen
brightness for a moment to act as a
flash and I think this looks a lot
better than an LED flash because it's
like a full panel of light right so it's
not a point source like an LED so you
just get more of diffuse lighting I
think Kim Kardashian's and I love this
flash performance across the board has
been bumped up so starting off a
fingerprint sensor
quite a bit faster it's at the point
where you don't have to wait on it at
all like you just kind of press your
button and the phone unlocks the taptic
engine is a lot quieter and has stronger
vibrations so that's kind of nice and of
course we've got to throw on some
benchmarks so I got to be honest even
running iOS 9 the iPhone 6 never felt
slow at all but the 6s feels that much
snappier these phones now have 2 gigs of
RAM which helps with multitasking and
it's actually noticeable on the 6s plus
when you have a ton of apps open that
slight stutter isn't there anymore when
you're switching between apps Siri
performance is the same Wi-Fi speeds
seem to be the same I mean I don't have
crazy fast internet to really push it
and battery life seems identical to last
year despite the smaller batteries so
with light to average use you're going
to get a day on battery on the 6s and
about a day and a half on the 6s plus
I think 3d touch is the biggest feature
of these phones it's the same mechanic
as forced touch but it's a lot more
intuitive to use because of how we
already use our phones now the support
for this feature is pretty limited right
now even a lot of the included apps from
Apple don't support it yet but it's
completely open to developers and you
can see the potential
it makes phone interactions faster and
more
efficient and things like setting alarms
scheduling taking notes switching
between two abs checking emails anything
that needs multiple inputs is going to
be faster with 3d touch and there's
going to be new games like squashing
bugs or squeezing zits or popping bubble
wrap whatever it is it's just going to
be a better experience now the tech just
launched but the hardware and software
are so well integrated
it doesn't feel janky or gimmicky at all
it just straight up works and it's
straight up functional ok recap for the
iPhone 6s and 6s plus they're rockin the
same displays as last year same
resolutions pretty good screens but not
the best out there
it now has pressure-sensitive 3d touch
which is really well implemented already
and it's pretty much guaranteed to get
even better over time
we both have a new 5 megapixel
front-facing camera with retina flash
that actually takes pretty good photos a
fingerprint sensor that's noticeably
faster than last year's all covered in
apples on glass that still shatters if
you drop it hard on its face and on the
back we have a 12 megapixel camera that
takes surprisingly fun live photos
really good regular photos and equally
amazing videos up to 4k on the bottom we
have a single speaker that sounds pretty
good despite its location and we also
get that prestigious s stamp on the back
of the phone you got to let people know
you're rocking the new one right you're
not buying this phone for like the new
tech you want that s stamp for its
status alright and on the inside we're
rocking batteries that are sadly smaller
than last year's but they seem to give
the exact same battery life which is ok
there's also the a9 processor in there
which is a really fast performer and
extremely energy efficient it's
noticeably faster than the a8 and lastly
non expandable storage that starts off
at a really silly 16 gigs and goes up to
128 gigs and all this isn't a package
that is thicker and heavier than last
year but stronger and pricing starts at
$650 ok some closing thoughts when the
iPhone 4s came out with Siri and when
the 5s came out with a fingerprint
sensor they were really cool pieces of
tech but they didn't dramatically change
the way that we use our phones I mean
you can only use fingerprint detection
and voice commands so often but with 3d
touch it inherently changes the way that
you use your phone I mean everything
that you do on it can theoretically be
affected by a 3d touch and Apple did a
really good job implementing it so far
and as developers pick it up
and figure out what people want and
figure out what people need the
potential for it is massive I'm really
excited about that now whether or not
it's worth the price to entry it's a
very expensive phone and there's parts
of the 6s and 6s plus that feel really
dated I mean the screen the 16 gigs of
ram those shouldn't exist in 2015 on a
flagship so that kind of bums me out but
I will say this for a s variant from
Apple it's a very it's the best one it's
the best s line that Apple has released
so they have that going for it if you're
coming from Android I don't think
there's anything compelling to pull an
Android user in like if you're deep into
the Android ecosystem it's a cool piece
of tech 3d touch it's not enough to kind
of pull you in not yet at least
that's the end of the review hope you
guys liked it thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it now there's one
other thing if you noticed the thumbnail
to this video was blue it's a blue phone
it's real it will exist giveaway soon
stay tuned it's been nice I'll see you
guys next time
[Music]